All right, guys. For those who don't have Java installed on their machines in this, we don't want to show you guys exactly how to install it correctly. So open up any Web browser and simply type JDK and pretty much click on the very first link. So I'm going to click on that. And right here you can see that we have JDK and this is the current version. So eight one four one someone to click on that. And just bear in mind that if you watch this video when Javani is released, you can go ahead and download and install Java nine, because everything that we will learn in this course will apply also to Java nine. But right here, you can see that we have the Java Standard Edition development kit. And this is a version. And right here we have different operating systems where we can actually download JDK. So we have Linux, Mac, OS, Solaris or Windows. So for Windows users, go ahead and download either the 64 or 32 a bit and simply go through the installation process, which will be very straightforward. And for Mac OS, I'm going to recommend you guys to download Java eight or JDK through Homebrew. So I'm just going to type brew right here. So if you don't have. So actually plug that so if you don't have a home brew. So this is the missing package manager for Mac OS and essentially is really straightforward to install. So all you have to do is simply grab this entire script and then open up terminal or I term. So I'm using it term and simply paste that in. So I'm not going to do this because I already have homebrew installed in my machine. So once you have homebrew installed, you can simply go ahead and say Brout and then dash dash version. And you can see right here I'm using the one point 2.0 version. Now to install JDK in your machine is really, really straightforward. So simply say Brout and then cask install and then Java. So what this command will actually do is download JDK for you and accept all the user agreements. So that's why you were saying cask and then it will also configure Java in your machine so you don't have to do anything. So if I press enter, you will see that I already have Java installed so I don't have to install it. And in fact it's telling me that if I want to reinstall Java, I can simply run Bukovsky reinstall Java. So for you, if you don't have Java installed in your machine, this will take some time. But then once everything is completed, you successfully have JDK installed in your machine. Jermey in the next video.