All right, guys, time for us to download, install and configure intelligence. Feel free to use any other I.D. other than intelligence. But the idea that I recommend to most developers is intelligent because it's very, very robust. And he has a lot of great features that you will love. Now, I'm going to click on this download link, and we have two versions. So we have the ultimate edition and we have the community edition. So I pretty much just use the community edition. And, you know, the difference between ultimate and community is that it has, you know, support for web and enterprise development. So right here, you can see all the differences. But, you know, for everything that I do, I find that community works very well. And also there are thousands of plug ins that you can download and enhance the experience of the community version. So go ahead and click download. And in fact, I already have downloaded this, so what I'm going to do is go to my desktop now I'm going to install it. So just click on that and simply put it inside of the applications folder. Just give me a second. There we go. That's done. I can go ahead and check this and the set and I can also delete the file. And if I now search for intelligence, there we go enter and now we can configure intelligence. So go ahead and simply say do not import any settings. Or if you have any settings from previous installations of intelligence, you go ahead and locate those settings. But I'm just going to say that I don't have anything to import. OK, now you can pick whatever theme you like. So I always go with the dark theme, some of us like that and then go to key maps and go ahead and say, I used idea before. So this is because I personally prefer these key mappings when working with intelligence. So I tend not to use the mouse whatsoever and do pretty much everything from the keyboard. And I'm going to show you guys all the shortcuts I'm going to be using in this course. So this is all we need for intelligence. Go ahead and skip remaining and set the false D'Errico. And now we have intelligence successfully installed in our machines now before we actually, you know, get the source code and, you know, set up the JDK with intelligence. What I'm going to do is to install a plugin that will allow you guys to see all the keyboard shortcuts that I'm going to use. So I'm going to click on Configure and then plug ins and I'm going to browse repositories. And right here I'm going to say presentation assistant. So I want to install this guy right here and still there we go. Restart intelligence. And if I restart this, there we go. So now I'm going to also configure a presentation assistant, so configure preferences and right here simply search for presentation assistant and the reason why I'm configuring this bad boy is because right here you can see that the key map that you will use by default is the Mac OS x ten point five plus. But because I chose the Mac OS standard. So this is the previous one. I have to make sure that whatever I typed corresponds to the Mac os x. So select this and then apply. And now let me also go ahead and configure the font size. So font size and font size that I'm going to set. This is 20 so you guys can see exactly what I'm doing. And finally, let's go ahead and install Google Intel style code. So the reason why I prefer the Google style code over the default shapes with intelligence is because the Google style code makes our code look much smaller because of the tabs indentation. So go ahead and open up Chrome and simply type Google Intelligency Java style code and pretty much select the very first links of this XML and click on Raw. Then right, click save us and then let's save this to desktop safe. Now go back to intelligence and search for style. And you can see that we have code style right here, so I'm going to click on this clock right here and then import scheme and then intelligent idea, code style ximo and navigate to desktop, select this XML file that we just downloaded open and I'm going to set this to default. So this is the name of the code style. OK, apply. And finally. OK, so let me go ahead and delete this and we are finally done in the next video. I want to show you guys how to download the source code and have it up and running with intelligence. Join me there. See?