Acknowledgments Jeanne and Scott would like to thank numerous individuals for their contribution to this book. Thank you to Developmental Editor Alexa Murphy for teaching us about Wiley’s publishing process and making the book better in so many ways. Thank you to Ernest Friedman-Hill for being our Technical Editor as we wrote our fi rst book. Ernest pointed out many subtle errors in addition to the big ones. And thank you to Matt Dalen for being our Technical Proofer and fi nding the errors we managed to sneak by Ernest. This book also wouldn’t be possible without many people at Wiley, including Jeff Kellum, Kenyon Brown, Pete Gaughan, Rebecca Anderson, and so many others. Jeanne would personally like to thank Chris Kreussling for knowing almost a decade ago that she would someday write a book. Erik Kariyev motivated her to write her fi rst table of contents ever. Countless CodeRanch.com moderators warned Jeanne about how much work writing a book is to get her to the point where she was ready. Michael Ernest gave her extra advice on the Wiley process. Bert Bates let Jeanne dip her toe in by contributing to his Java 7 book and she learned a ton in the process. Scott was a great co-author and was available to bounce ideas off of or remind her to follow her own advice. Finally, Jeanne would like to thank all of the new programmers at CodeRanch.com and FIRST robotics team 694 for the constant reminders of how new programmers think. Scott could not have reached this point without the help of a small army of people, led by his perpetually understanding wife Patti, without whose love and support this book would never have been possible. Professor Johannes Gehrke of Cornell University always believed in him and knew he would excel in his career. Jeanne’s patience and guidance as co-author was invaluable while Scott adjusted to the learning curve of writing a book. Matt Dalen has been a wonderful friend and sounding board over the last year. Joel McNary introduced him to CodeRanch.com and encouraged him to post regularly, a step that changed his life. Finally, Scott would like to thank his mother and retired teacher Barbara Selikoff for teaching him the value of education and his father Mark Selikoff, for instilling in him the benefi ts of working hard.