Hi everyone. Welcome back to the territorial and district aerial will talk about the popular reactor libraries and the library that we are going to use to right the reactor programming code for this cause. So what does a reactor library in general. It is nothing but the implementation of the reactor stream's specification which is nothing but the publisher subscriber subscription and processor. So what are the reactor libraries that we have today. We have ordered the Java reactor and dedicate itself as the flow class which includes the reactor stream's specification. So all of all these options. What is a library that we are going to use for this course. OK. We are going to use the reactor which is nothing but project reactor project. Reactor is built and maintained by pivotal basically the team behind the spring and Springboard Project reactor is a default library that comes with springboard for writing reactor programming code or building non blocking RESTful API ice in spring. Let's go ahead and check what do we have in Project reactor. So I'm going to go to Google and then search for Project reactor so there's a link click on the spot link. So this is the home page for the project reactor. Let's look at some of the things that are highlighted here reactor as a fourth generation reactor library far building non blocking applications on the JVM based on the reactive streams specification and they have the reactor core reactor as a fully non blocking Foundation that a efficient demand management it directly interacts with a general functionally API computable futures stream and duration. We'll be exploring examples on all of these in the future part of the course and the next important thing is type sequences they have flux and mono. These two are the fundamental thing which we need if we are going to work with Project reactor. We'll be exploring that also in the future part of the course non blocking Io. This is perfectly suited for micro services architecture reactor offers back pressure radio network engines for HDP we'll be exploring that also in the future part of the course if we go a little bit down. Yeah you can read through all these things and have a very good documentation. Let's click on this reference guide. If we go to the reference guide this reference guide is very neatly documented and if you want to know anything about Project reactor this is the place to go and the documentation is very well boys. And it covers a lot of areas that are needed in order to get yourself more comfortable with the project reactor and to have a active community also if you want to just if you want to just connect to the community you just go to this link and then add your soul to this group. So this is one of the community where if we have any doors or something you can reach out to this community they will help you out. So we'll be exploring most of the content that is there in this speech in the next section but this we came to the end of this tutorial. Thank you for watching. Hi everyone. Welcome back to the territorial and district aerial will talk about the popular reactor libraries and the library that we are going to use to right the reactor programming code for this cause. So what does a reactor library in general. It is nothing but the implementation of the reactor stream's specification which is nothing but the publisher subscriber subscription and processor. So what are the reactor libraries that we have today. We have ordered the Java reactor and dedicate itself as the flow class which includes the reactor stream's specification. So all of all these options. What is a library that we are going to use for this course. OK. We are going to use the reactor which is nothing but project reactor project. Reactor is built and maintained by pivotal basically the team behind the spring and Springboard Project reactor is a default library that comes with springboard for writing reactor programming code or building non blocking RESTful API ice in spring. Let's go ahead and check what do we have in Project reactor. So I'm going to go to Google and then search for Project reactor so there's a link click on the spot link. So this is the home page for the project reactor. Let's look at some of the things that are highlighted here reactor as a fourth generation reactor library far building non blocking applications on the JVM based on the reactive streams specification and they have the reactor core reactor as a fully non blocking Foundation that a efficient demand management it directly interacts with a general functionally API computable futures stream and duration. We'll be exploring examples on all of these in the future part of the course and the next important thing is type sequences they have flux and mono. These two are the fundamental thing which we need if we are going to work with Project reactor. We'll be exploring that also in the future part of the course non blocking Io. This is perfectly suited for micro services architecture reactor offers back pressure radio network engines for HDP we'll be exploring that also in the future part of the course if we go a little bit down. Yeah you can read through all these things and have a very good documentation. Let's click on this reference guide. If we go to the reference guide this reference guide is very neatly documented and if you want to know anything about Project reactor this is the place to go and the documentation is very well boys. And it covers a lot of areas that are needed in order to get yourself more comfortable with the project reactor and to have a active community also if you want to just if you want to just connect to the community you just go to this link and then add your soul to this group. So this is one of the community where if we have any doors or something you can reach out to this community they will help you out. So we'll be exploring most of the content that is there in this speech in the next section but this we came to the end of this tutorial.Thank you for watching.